To play this program of Minesweeper first you have to run the code. When you begin to run it, a start screen will appear. In this start screen there is a size mode which has 4 different board sizes you can pick from. Using the left and right arrow keys you can select a 9x9 (10 mines), a 16x16 (40 mines), a 30x16 (99 mines), or create your own board size. In this custom board size, you can use the keys "Q" and "W" to change the width, "A" an "S" to change the height, and "Z" and "X" to change how many mines are on the board. Using the up and down arrows you can scroll down to the Variant option. This has the normal game mode, checkerboard, and the liar game modes. Underneath that is the "Start Game" button. When selecting start game you press enter and it clears the start screen and shows the game board with the size you chose. Once the game has started you can use WASD/Arrows to move around the game board and press enter on the cell you wish to clear. You can also use the mouse to left click and clear the cell. To flag a cell you suspect to be a mine, you press F on that cell, or you can right click with the mouse on that cell. If at any point in the game you want to stop playing Minesweeper you can press Q to quit the game and it will send you back to the terminal. As well after the user either wins/loses they can press C to clear the gameboard and start a new game. The objective of this game is to clear the board whilst avoiding all of the mines. 

With the final product of this Minesweeper program I am proud of a few things I added into the game. I am specifically proud for the coloring of the numbers of the board. I had never done that before and it wasn't necessarily hard, I just had to pay close attention to what I was coding. I am also proud of my enabled mouse addition. I had no idea how to do enable the mouse for this kind of program, however through a lot of trial and error I was able to finally get it working pretty accurately. Overall I am most proud about how much I learned whilst doing this project. It was a very good learning experience. 