    Throughout the entirity of this lab I had a lot of learning curves and overall I was able to learn a lot about C. Whilst writing the code I had a lot of problems with either mispelling words or simply forgetting small components of the code that ultimately led to a large error whilst trying to compile. Although when I went through these errors and fixed them, I learned that errors in the declaration statements are crucial and can mess up a lot in your code and cause more errors to appear. I also struggled with trying to compile with notcurses, after doing research I realized I did not have the correct versions installed. 

    I also had some challenges implementing notcurses into my code and found that there were lots of things I missed that made my program work very weirdly. For example when I first got my program working, everytime I tried to flag a cell the flag would disappear and the counter would go back to 10. As well everytime I tried to move up/down or left/right the cursor would move 2 spaces instead of one. I was able to do some research and fix these issues by adding checks for ni.evtype == NCTYPE_PRESS which insured the program would only count the key press as a one time click. I also had some trouble enabling mouse use. I was able to get the mouse working, however when I would right/left click it would affect the cell 2 spaces to the right. To fix this issue I had to do a lot of trial and error and I ultimately had to subract by 3 and divide by two for the board curser. 

    If I were to do anything differently I would have definitely started doing the assignment earlier. However doing it over the course of a week after taking the time to understand how Minesweeper works definitely helped a lot. I was able to learn a lot from doing this assignment and overall I believe that this code has ultimately helped me understand how vast C programming is and what it can be used for. If I were to do this differently I would also have looked into more about how github worked because it took me a long time to figure out how to use it and how to link it to VS Code. However now that I know how to use it, it is a very helpful tool to use due to its ability to capture different versions of your code.